			Mountain Linux Updates

The four linux workstations in the control room were all updated to
Fedora Core 3 from Fedora Core 1.  This brings them up-to-date with
the new server and the other linux workstations that are in use
downtown and on the mountain.  To better support the growing number of
linux machines, we now host our own local Fedora mirror at
http://www.mmto.org/fedora/.  This mirror is updated nightly and all
machines now point to it for their automatic updates.  The update
process included updating IRAF to 2.12.2p2 on all machines and
modifying the device drivers for the DT3155 and FlashBus MV
framegrabber cards to work with the new linux kernel.  


			    All-Sky Camera

A weather-tight enclosure was obtained and the camera system handed
off to the electronics group to assemble and prepare for installation.
In the meantime, software for the data pipeline was completed.  When
operational, the camera will take an image every 10 seconds and after
every image is taken, the last 100 images will be combined into an
animated .gif file.  Each image is analyzed to determine whether the
gain or integration time of the camera needs to be changed.  This
allows the camera to automatically adapt to changing lighting
conditions.  Upon sunrise and sunset, image acquisition will be paused
and the accumulated images combined into DivX format movies and then
purged.  A night's worth of raw images takes up to 4 GB or more of
disk space while a high quality DivX movie generated from the same
images will usually be 20 MB or less.  DivX movies can be viewed under
linux using either mplayer or xine.  Windows and Mac players can be
downloaded from www.divx.com.


		  Wavefront Sensor Software Updates


